[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One of
the most enigmatic characters
in the field of ufology has been
the one-armed Swiss farmer named
Billy Meier.
Many have tried to discredit his
story out of envy or skepticism,
yet it holds up.
The woman who has been
investigating this story
for decades is Brit Elders.
And she's here to set the record
straight, once and for all.
Brit, I'm so happy
to have you here.
I've been following
this story for decades,
following you
following the story,
and just noticed how mean
spirited the UFO community is
about it when, certainly seems
it has the most evidence of most
well-documented most advanced
methods of documentation
for the day of anything,
any other story
we've seen out there.
Yet, it continues.
So let's talk about how
you and your husband,
your late husband,
Lee Elders, became
involved in
investigating this story.
Because this goes
back to the 1970s.
>>BRIT ELDERS: It does.
The case actually began in '75.
In January of '75,
a friend of ours,
Lieutenant Colonel Wendelle
Stevens brought it to us in '76
and said, this is something
you've got to be involved with.
The reason he felt so
strongly about that is Lee
and I had a company
called Intercept,
which was all about electronic
communication protection.
So we protected
telephones and computers
from being eavesdropped on.
We weren't about to just
scrap our reputation
and say, OK, we're going
to go check out a UFO--
>>REGINA: So why did he ask you?
>>ELDERS: Yeah, because we had
the investigative background.
>>REGINA: OK.
And you were familiar
with technology
that could investigate.
>>ELDERS: And we knew how
to run an investigation.
It doesn't matter if it's
murder one, corporate espionage,
or a UFO case.
You have criteria you follow.
And that's what makes an
investigation functional.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
So we, kind of, sat back
for about six months,
and then decided, nope,
this is worth looking into.
We had a sweep of
electronics over in London.
We went from London
into Switzerland,
ended up spending
a week with Meier,
expecting to be able to
disprove it immediately.
We couldn't.
And just before we
left, he turned over
inner negatives of the
photographs, movie footage,
metal samples, audio recordings,
crystals, supposedly from Éire
and introduced us to all
of these witnesses that
had seen things.
So we had more than we expected
to ever have from any UFO case.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about his story, then,
and then we're going to go
back into some of the evidence
later on.
But why Billy?
I mean, he was modest.
He was a caretaker, a farmer, a
father, a husband, a modest man,
but very, kind of-- it seems
like very open and, kind of,
clear in his own psyche.
And so how did they
first contact him?
And did they tell him
why they contacted him?
And let's talk
about how it first
happened when the first craft
landed, and what he tried to do.
>>ELDERS: Well,
let's take it back
a little further, because there
are some aspects that people
weren't aware of.
Billy claimed that he
had his initial contact
when he was five years
old, with his father.
And so this was telepathic.
And it was continuing
over a period of time.
They were monitoring him.
And the reason they
were monitoring him
is that they recognized
his vibrations
from past incarnations.
So they understood his
reincarnation pattern,
were able to recognize it,
and work with it, monitor him,
and then set up contact,
face-to-face, in the '70s.
>>REGINA: And some of the other
stories I've read about contact
back from the '50s, '60s, and
'70s, the ones that are more
credible, same thing.
They had these kind of
interdimensional contacts
with beings for quite a
long time before anything
physical showed up.
>>ELDERS: That's true.
Even on into the '70s and '80s,
some cases down in South America
had the same thing, happened
as kids, telepathic contact,
monitoring, and
then moving forward.
The Pleiadians talked
to Billy about this.
And they say that
several times they've
tried to make contact with what
they call Earth humans, us.
And they haven't been able
to, because the person either
becomes disloyal to the
thought, or they become somehow
involved with manipulations
and issues with materialism,
and things like that.
So they've broken
the contacts off.
Billy, for the most
part, has remained
fairly true to wanting
to continue the dialogue
and the knowledge
that comes with that.
>>REGINA: So let's start 1975.
What is the exact
date here, January--
>>ELDERS: January 28, yes.
So he gets an impulse.
And he says he gets this cooling
sensation across his forehead.
The impulse is to
get on his moped
and go out into the
forest, which he does.
And then what happens
is he's standing there.
And he hears the sound.
And he can't describe the sound.
It's kind of a whirring, but
not quite anything he knows.
Suddenly, a ship appears.
It hovers for a while.
It moves across the forest,
hovers again, and then slowly
moves down towards the Earth.
Then he sees a woman
appear from behind him.
>>REGINA: Well, he
was trying to-- as I
read in your book,
beautiful book, by the way.
I'm so happy that
you put this one out
with the complete illustrations.
It's a coffee table
book that I tend
to share with a
number of people,
especially those who
think it's not possible.
But in any event,
in the book, you
say that Billy tried to
run toward the craft.
His initial instinct
was to run toward it.
Force field kind
of blew him back.
>>ELDERS: He couldn't.
It just held him back so
that there was a protection
field around the craft.
Later, Semjase told him
that they can actually
put up a kind of
invisible barrier,
so they can allow one person
to see the craft but not
another person.
And that's all part
of this force field
that goes around the craft.
>>REGINA: So now he
meets with Semjase.
>>ELDERS: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: She comes up from--
she disappeared
from behind him--
>>ELDERS: Behind the craft,
walks out towards the front.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so let's talk about
his first encounter
with this female
from the Pleiades.
>>ELDERS: Well, first
of all, they told him
that they used
females, because males
were less aggressive to them.
So it made perfect sense
that his first contact
would be with a woman.
Later, he did have contacts
with Quetzal and Ptaah
and others that are male.
But the first contact
always female.
>>REGINA: And this is true in
other cases, too, I've noticed.
And usually a very
attractive one.
So there's something
almost inviting
where the man wants to talk to
a beautiful female who appears
to be very non-threatening.
But she had messages for him.
She had things to say about
what was going to happen.
What was the first
contact about?
>>ELDERS: Well,
the first contact
was sort of an
overview of everything
that would be going on,
that they had selected him.
And then they moved
forward from there.
Each contact didn't
have a specific focus
about what was being said,
or what was going on.
It incorporated many,
many different things.
Most of them, you could take
a nugget of information.
They might be talking about
things going on at the farm
with Billy or his family life.
But then there's this beautiful
nugget, like a spiritually
developing person.
Oh, that catches your
attention, what is that?
Or that Earth human creates
luck within themselves.
What does that mean?
All of that starts coming into--
so when you're reading
these contact notes,
you're reading family
issues, all of this.
And then you're getting this
beautiful, delightful piece
of knowledge that
needs to be shared.
>>REGINA: I'll share
one of the passages
from your book in a second.
But interestingly,
many people, there
are quite a few witnesses
right in his little area
that had seen these craft,
but they were not approached.
It wasn't for them
to be approached.
But they witnessed the
crafts coming and going.
And they became used to it.
>>ELDERS: Yes--
>>REGINA: I mean,
there were what?
105 encounters in three years?
>>ELDERS: That was
just the beginning.
I mean, they've so
many more since then.
But I interviewed the
postmaster from the little town
of Schmidrüti.
And I walked up to him.
And I said, OK, do you think
Meier's having these things?
He's, oh, yeah.
Yeah, everybody knows it.
I don't know what they are.
I don't care.
No, he's having it--
>>REGINA: Just accepting it--
>>ELDERS: Nonchalant,
just right there--
>>REGINA: It was just part
of their everyday life,
because it was so
common in that area.
And there was no one to
shoot them down, Swiss army?
No.
>>ELDERS: Well, it
was very interesting,
because above the hill where
Meier lived was a Swiss army
base.
>>REGINA: But they never
tried to interfere.
>>ELDERS: They never
But we knew they were
monitoring everything going on.
They wanted to
learn from it too.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
So I'll share just one
little passage from Semjase.
She said, "we too are still
far removed from perfection
and have to evolve constantly,
just like yourselves.
We're neither superior
nor superhuman, nor are
we missionaries.
We feel duty bound to
the citizens of Earth,
because our forefathers
were your forefathers".
So tell me a little more
about expanding on that,
and what he learned over time.
>>ELDERS: Well, the
history of the Pleiadians
is that they actually came here.
They visited here eons ago,
as did other civilizations,
so that it's not just that
we developed here on Earth,
but we were actually interbred
with different civilizations
from all over the universe.
The Pleiades happened to be one.
So that's where that started.
We got into investigating
the history of the Pleiades
as it worked with all
the different Indigenous
ancient cultures.
There wasn't a single
one where we couldn't
find a reference
to the Pleiades,
always as the Seven Sisters,
the harbingers of destiny,
something beautiful, something
feminine, interesting,
something that was
never derogatory at all.
It was always something
that was helpful.
>>REGINA: So I mean, some people
talk about noninterference
as prime directive, and all.
They're not here to interfere
from my understanding.
They're here to help
educate sometimes,
just like a parent would with a
child to say, when I was a kid,
I took that path.
And it resulted in disaster.
So I'm just trying
to help you along,
to make a better, wiser decision
than I. Is it kind of like that?
>>ELDERS: It is like that.
But also, when they
were here before,
there was some interference,
because humans looked at them
with this admiration that then
turned into this messiah--
>>REGINA: Gods, yeah,
turned them-- and tried
to turn them into gods.
>>ELDERS: Exactly.
And that created more problems.
And that's why they
left for a while.
They didn't need to
be a part of that.
That wasn't why they were here.
What happened at
that point was all
these different
civilizations they
had contacted continued
to use the information
they got from them.
Some continue to revere them as
gods, even though they didn't
consider themselves as such.
They pulled back.
Then they come forward,
again, with Meier
and a few other Pleiadian
contactees as well.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And they did say
that in the Pleiades,
they had encountered
all of the problems
during their growth and
growing pains as civilization
that we are encountering
here on Earth.
Did they talk at any
point about going
through the phase of
what happened when they
became lost in materialism?
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
They talk about living on
Libra, a system in Libra.
And they actually had
a thermonuclear war.
They had to leave in bunches.
They took off.
They went to the Pleiades,
the Hyades, and Vega.
They had to engineer planets
where they could live.
This is something we're
looking at doing now.
But their issue with
thermonuclear war,
and I think it's very
clear when they say,
we cannot interfere yet.
Because that issue of nuclear
war doesn't just affect Earth.
It affects the entire cosmos.
>>REGINA: Yes, my group of
beings that I'm associated with
told me this 40 years ago.
This is not about Earth,
once you start that game.
>>ELDERS: Exactly.
Yeah, it's about the universe.
And if you're going
to consider yourself
part of this cosmic
family, you have
to view yourself as part
of the cosmic family,
and not be so self-centered.
It's not about us.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And toward that end,
there was a piece
I did recently, a
commentary and a follow-up
on it regarding Oppenheimer
and Einstein, who had written
to President Truman after what
had happened saying, look,
we need to establish some
sort of global organization
of mature citizens that can
speak with the extraterrestrials
that we brought on.
They felt that the increase
in the UFO activity
was really brought
on by our detonation
of the atomic weapons,
and that, perhaps, we
weren't mature enough, and that
perhaps we-- they even suggested
at one point in the
six-page document
that Earth might have
a friendly colonization
to help us refine our thoughts
and understanding of things
a bit.
It was quite fascinating to
see that they were open to it
and suggesting this because
of the nuclear detonations.
>>ELDERS: It is a problem.
But they do say that they can't
interfere yet, that yet, I
think, is the operative word.
>>REGINA: I think there have
been some incidences where there
has been help and
interference in a good way,
where there have been some
exchanges that were thwarted
by beings from elsewhere?
>>ELDERS: Well, look
at what was going on
with some of the launches
with the space shuttle.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ELDERS: Mm-hmm?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>ELDERS: Same thing.
And look at the tests
and the analysis
that was to be done in
space on the shuttle.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ELDERS: So yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So just behind the scenes,
a little bit of help
were needed to stop some of
the disasters from occurring.
>>ELDERS: Yes.
>>REGINA: And they said that
there are about 3,000 years
in advance of us
technologically, which,
when you consider how fast
technology is advancing,
that's quite a long way.
>>ELDERS: Yes.
It's a long way,
but it's really not.
I mean, when you look
at where we've come
to just in the last 50 years.
>>REGINA: Crazy, yeah.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
And now with AI and
everything else,
and we're keeping up with that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Did they talk at all
about AI with Meier?
>>ELDERS: --they didn't.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I was going to say I haven't
seen that in the-- yeah, OK.
So they say that the development
technologically that we're
experiencing on Earth is--
I mean, it's natural
we're able to do it.
And also, there
are people here who
are incarnating
from other places
or just bringing this forward.
>>ELDERS: And you've got all
this telepathic communication--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ELDERS:
--indoctrination going on.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So to develop the
technology isn't really
as challenging as developing
the wisdom as a species.
So tell us a little
bit more about what
they say about that, before
they go into what they
say the human is capable of.
>>ELDERS: Well, we've
got to get to a place
where we stop
worshiping the material.
And we have to move into
a balance, a harmony,
of the spirit and
the material world.
We live in a
third-dimensional world.
You can't escape it.
You need material items.
But we've lost connection
with our hearts.
>>REGINA: Totally.
And when you look at people
like this and their cell phones
watching the latest
influencer, you
know, where everybody has had--
so many people starting at such
young ages are having work done,
and, you know, surgery done on
their faces and their bodies--
>>ELDERS: It's all about how
you look and what you have.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And that's nothing to do
with why we're incarnated.
>>ELDERS: That's right.
It's about what's happening
in your heart, in your spirit.
We've lost that connection.
Until we get that
connection back,
we're really not going
to progress much.
We might, with technology.
But that doesn't
mean we're going
to progress on a spiritual
or a heartfelt level.
And those are the ones that
we have to really work at.
If we want to be part of
this cosmic world out there,
we have got to
have that balance.
And we don't.
And that's really unfortunate
at this point in time.
It's one of the reasons we
wanted to bring this book back,
because it's 45 years later.
There are new generations,
new open minds that
are willing to accept it, want
to get into it, and, I think,
can really garner the knowledge.
There might be little nuggets.
But it's enough knowledge to
get you started on a search
and finding yourself
in your own spirit.
>>REGINA: True, because
the people incarnating
now and into the
future are coming
in really with a different
directive than up until now.
I mean, whole different species.
Some are saying literally, we're
becoming a different species.
Some have said we're becoming a
species where the mind becomes
literally not only in connection
with, but almost centered
in the heart.
>>ELDERS: It should be.
>>REGINA: It should be.
>>ELDERS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so this thing
we're seeing right now,
the tail end of this kind of--
I don't know.
I find it obscene personally.
I find the world of influencers,
and fake beauty, and fake gurus,
and everything else
literally obscene.
Once we start pulling our
own energy back, and learning
how to use our own being as
tuning forks for discernment
and truth, and come into our
connection with each other,
that's what they're telling us.
>>ELDERS: Our connection to each
other and connection to Earth.
>>REGINA: And to Earth, yeah.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
Because Earth is mother.
That's our ground.
The connection to each other,
we are each other's siblings.
We are all connected.
But that includes them.
And we have to be
aware of that, if we
have to be OK from the
standpoint of accepting them as
well as they need to accept us.
But we can't do
that until we have
that connection between the
material and the spiritual side.
>>REGINA: So one
of the things they
said is their lifespan is
roughly a thousand years old.
And I guess there's no
need to be immortal.
People now in the world of
AI, and uploading, and--
I've been reading some very
interesting things about that.
That apparently exists.
I mean, the Pentagon has
very exotic technologies
to extend the consciousness in
the same or different vehicles
of people who believe that
this meat is all there is.
And so they'll do
anything to preserve.
>>ELDERS: And to recreate
the vehicle itself.
>>REGINA: And to recreate
the vehicle itself, that's
all going on behind the scenes.
As we've all been told,
and you're fully aware,
more than aware
than I, the military
is far in advance of everything
we're seeing technologically,
in terms of what's
been developed, so--
>>ELDERS: But don't you love
what they've come out and said?
>>REGINA: Which
part, which thing?
>>ELDERS: It doesn't exist.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
Of course, none of it exists.
>>ELDERS: [LAUGHS] awareness--
>>REGINA: Greatest
disinformation artists.
Yeah, exactly.
So they said that
we ourselves can
start living much
longer lifespans,
once we can start
going into a more
peaceful relationship within
ourselves and with one another.
And this will, in
part, that's what
it will be part of extending
the human lifespan.
And in a way, I mean, living 80,
85 years is still rather short.
When you have to
go through infancy,
you have to go through
developmental years,
then you've got to decay, it
gives you a few good years
to really learn a lot.
It would be nice to live
a little longer anyway.
So let's talk about what
they've said about that.
>>ELDERS: Well, in
the process of aging,
it's that connection,
again, to spirit.
It's the peacefulness
of spirit, that harmony.
It's just urgently important
for anything you're going to do,
whether it's the
extent of your life,
or the development of
technology in conjunction
with the peaceful spirit.
And I just had a conversation
with Billy a couple of days
ago about this.
>>REGINA: Oh, because you're
in regular touch still.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
And I asked him, I said, there
was a question that came to me.
How does he define
good and evil?
And--
>>REGINA: Tell us.
>>ELDERS: --he said it's about
finding the calm in your spirit,
and loving your enemy, no matter
how much they try to attack you,
and being all right with that.
And it's about finding
that inner knowledge.
Everybody has it.
Now you just have to
find it and live it.
He says, that's good.
And the evil is
there as a teacher.
>>REGINA: It's
>>ELDERS: As a teacher.
>>REGINA: I think most of the
people listening to this show
can appreciate what
you've just said.
So now, so we have
the ability, if we
can do this find this
more peaceful way,
to start living in
collaboration with one another.
Many people think, oh, but
it's almost over for Earth,
because, a, we're
having climate change.
And, b, we have too many people.
Both those things seem to be
taking care of themselves.
We're already where it appears
we're going into population
decline at the moment.
And so that takes care of that.
And in terms of climate change,
climate has always changed.
This is a matter of
how we can healthfully
interface with it so we don't
just pollute our planet.
That's a whole different thing.
And let's talk about
that, because people
go on with political agendas
around climate change,
when they're really talking
about pollution for the most
part.
>>ELDERS: The pollution, the
use of certain chemicals,
things like that, the Pleiadians
are very concerned about.
But Earth will survive.
It's not anything that we throw
our hands up and go, my god,
we've only got
seventy years left,
or whatever it is this year.
Earth is going to be fine.
It's how we survive with it.
Because Earth constantly
mutates, and grows, and changes.
Humans need to do that too.
And we have a tendency to
get stuck in our technology
or whatever the thing
is, of the moment.
And that's where
we are right now.
We need to get unstuck.
>>REGINA: Do they talk at
all about, within this, about
vibration, vibratory frequency?
>>ELDERS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Because it seems
to me if the Earth is going
through her own transition
and refinement, which
would seem to me, bumping
up in a frequency range,
you can't incarnate here, unless
you can keep step with it.
There can't be a mismatch
on a frequency level.
You have to go somewhere else.
Every being has this choice.
>>ELDERS: And they
have a frequency that
doesn't harmonize well with us.
When they come here,
they have to alter it.
When we go there, they
would have to alter us,
so that we could participate
in conversations.
They have a term that I love
that they call auric stench.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
I read that, yes.
>>ELDERS: Earth humans have.
>>REGINA: A stench in our aura,
which is all the pollution
of our thinking--
>>ELDERS: Our thought--
>>REGINA: --of our
belief systems.
>>ELDERS: --our
spiritual beliefs,
the whole knowledge
base of our being--
>>REGINA: --is stinky to them.
>>ELDERS: That's right.
So they can only be here
for a short period of time,
working with one or
more individuals.
They just can't go
any further than that.
And that's something
that's really important
to pay attention to,
because you can change that.
You don't have to
have auric stench.
You can actually raise those
vibrations within yourself.
And as the Earth
changes vibrations,
and we change
vibrations, and there
will be many of us doing
that, we move forward.
If you don't change, and there
will be many that do not change,
then they will be stuck.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I mean, my guides were
talking to me about this
a couple of decades ago, saying,
there is no judgment in this.
>>ELDERS: That's right.
>>REGINA: There is nothing
but time, or lack of time.
>>ELDERS: It's a
growth pattern--
>>REGINA: It's just everyone
has the, I wouldn't say luxury,
but choice, to evolve as
quickly or slowly as one wishes.
And so if Earth is evolving
into a certain frequency range,
and those beings on it choose to
refine themselves to stay pace
with it, they can
continue evolving
with a continually
improving, and refining,
and beautifying Earth.
Otherwise, there are
other places to go.
It's not like you're stuck, your
soul is in hell or damnation,
and there's no judgment.
If you just think, no,
anger feels too juicy,
you know, I just--
I like it, I just-- this
is what gets me going
and gets me up
every day, there'll
be another place to go to.
There are plenty of other
places besides Earth
that you can embody to.
That's my understanding.
>>ELDERS: Right, I agree.
I think the great thing
about what's happening here
is we're looking at Earth now
in conjunction with ourselves,
of how we can work together with
the planet to help the planet,
but at the same
time, help ourselves.
And in that, we're just
raising our own vibration,
because it's knowledge
based from the heart.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And it's not like--
I mean, even helping
the planet, when you say
that, just stop kicking her.
Just stop being mean, and
disregarding her emotionally,
and not even noticing this
beautiful host we have.
Some of it is just pure
love and acknowledgment.
And that feeds with
every being, whether it's
an animal, whether
it's a person,
or whether it's
Earth herself, you
know, that circle of love
that goes between us.
And so many people
don't even notice her.
We walk on her, use her
resources, it's rude.
>>ELDERS: I always
love to ask people,
when was the last time
you really took a moment
to watch a sunset or a sunrise?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ELDERS: It's unbelievable.
They don't.
They're missing out on so much.
>>REGINA: And so
that is really--
just that simple
thing is the key
to start beginning to come back
into an understanding of what
we're actually here for, which
is to evolve, and find ourselves
as a soul, and live
in companionship
and collaboration with other
beings here and elsewhere,
right?
I mean, OK.
So that's my little soapbox.
>>ELDERS: That's a good one.
>>REGINA: So one of the
things he was told ages ago,
because we're talking
about environmental stuff,
was that long before it came out
in the world of science and news
was that there would become
a hole in the ozone layer.
So that in the '70s, '80s, and
'90s, it was spoken about quite
a bit.
You don't hear that
too much anymore.
You just hear
climate change now.
And so let's talk about
that, what he was shown.
>>ELDERS: The ozone
hole did start to close.
And so that made a difference.
And that came from our
recognizing the fact
that we were using chemicals
that should not be used.
And so hopefully,
that will continue.
But--
>>REGINA: I think so.
>>ELDERS: --that's when
he talks about or tells us
that different chemicals,
and different things
that are used, fertilizers,
things like that,
removing oil from the
Earth can be done,
but it has to be substituted
with something else.
Because if you don't, let's say,
replace it with another liquid,
you create an imbalance--
>>REGINA: --imbalance
underneath, yes.
>>ELDERS: So little things
like that that the Pleiadians
have talked about to him,
it makes so much sense.
If we would just take a step
back and think about it,
we could learn so much.
And they're simple things.
>>REGINA: Yes,
and they are, yes.
And you're right.
I mean, look at what happened
with catalytic converters,
and all this.
And now you don't--
Beijing, China is the
fastest growing country
in terms of the development
of electric cars.
We're just-- a very
short time ago,
you could barely
breathe from my friends
that have gone over
there from what
they said the air was so foul.
>>ELDERS: But look what
they're doing to the Earth
by taking the rare Earth
elements necessary to make
those electric cars.
>>REGINA: Yes, and
you got that too.
And then you're taking it under
the ocean, from the ocean.
It's all a balancing thing.
And I guess it's
going to come down
to being able to create
those, an alternative way
or to recycle all
those elements.
>>ELDERS: That's right.
>>REGINA: And that's
happening now.
That's starting.
>>ELDERS: It's beginning.
>>REGINA: We're getting there,
you know, little by little.
>>ELDERS: If we take
baby steps, that's OK.
>>REGINA: Yes, we
take baby steps.
There's nothing but
time, or whatever time
is perceived to be.
>>ELDERS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So when
we go back to now,
we go back to the
evidence for this case.
Now, these witnesses,
they were subjected
to lie detector tests, as
Billy was, and other people.
So it turns out it
doesn't appear anybody was
lying about this experience.
>>ELDERS: That's right.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ELDERS: Everyone that
we talked to, that did
go through psychological
stress evaluation,
things like that,
they did not tell
any form of dishonest thought.
That's the way they put
it, dishonest thought.
Because they believed what
they saw was factual to them.
>>REGINA: And Billy had
to go through it too.
>>ELDERS: Oh, we put him
through a very rigorous
psychological stress evaluation,
brought everything back, had
it analyzed here in Colorado.
And it was remarkable, because
the worst of his answers was,
do you drink coffee?
And he had just
promised his wife
that he was going to
stop drinking coffee.
And it came up so deceptive
that we think, what is that?
But have you seen a UFO?
Oh, yes.
Have you met with Pleiadians?
Oh, yes, all very --
>>REGINA: Do you drink coffee?
No.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: That's
actually, kind of, cute.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so when
it comes to the film,
and there were also some metal
samples that didn't match up
with what we have here.
>>ELDERS: That's right.
The metal samples, I
thought were fabulous,
because we worked first
with Marcel Vogel of IBM,
held a number of patents, had--
I mean, just an
incredible, brilliant man.
But he saw that the
metal was perfectly
just one metal, nickel,
let's say, and then
a crystalline structure,
and then another pure metal,
and then another crystalline
structure, something
we could not do on this
planet at that time.
This is back in the '70s.
He had it under electron
scanning microscopes,
going through
everything in detail.
Could not figure out
how it was put together.
It took getting into
space to be able to create
that purity of one element
separated by crystal, and then
the purity of the next element.
It wasn't just Marcel Vogel
that analyzed these metals.
A sample went to MIT.
And it disappeared.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that
seems to happen a lot.
And the aerospace industry
is usually enlisted, right?
>>ELDERS: Sure.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ELDERS: But then also,
there were other scientists
that Marcel brought in, luckily.
They went through it.
And they found the same
thing that he found.
So the metals were so unique
at that point in time,
couldn't be manufactured
here on this planet.
Where did they come from?
How would Meier, this
farmer in Switzerland,
get his hands on this?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And they found that the 8
millimeter film even could not
have been adulterated.
It would take so
much sophistication
on the part of this farmer
to be able to put this
together and dupe people.
So let's talk a little
bit about that process.
>>ELDERS: Oh, I love this,
because so many people
say, oh, my gosh, he hung
this UFO on a fishing pole.
All right.
So we did that just to
see if it could happen.
We hired Wally Gentleman,
who was the special effects
man for Kubrick.
This was before Industrial Light
and Magic, and all of that.
He worked with Coppola.
He was great.
He had won Academy
Awards, everything.
Wally Gentleman
made us the model.
And we hung it on a line.
And we took photographs
of it with cameras
that worked, which Billy didn't
even have a camera that worked.
We could see it right away.
And when you did the
edge enhancement,
find out what the pixels
were along the edge,
oh, my gosh, you could tell.
It was a very
small little model.
It wasn't 21 feet in
diameter, like he claimed,
and like his photographs
appeared to be.
So yeah, we did everything we
could to either say it is or it
isn't.
But in the end, you
know where it comes to?
Each individual's heart,
what their knowledge base is,
what their heart base
is, what they've learned,
how they've been educated.
Do they look up, or are they
stuck in their electronics?
It's all individual.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
OK.
So now we're going to go
into one more of the comments
that they made.
And this is more
technologically based,
since we're, kind of, in the
area of proofs and technology.
"Our spaceships are protected
by a screen of energy,
which automatically ejects any
kind of resistance in every bit
of matter".
And this-- yeah, anyway,
this is fascinating.
"This protective
screen is, in fact,
identical with the specific
gravitational field, which
we build up around our ships.
With this protective screen,
we're able to neutralize
the gravitational field
effect of any planet we want
to approach".
So basically, grease
lightning, no resistance.
>>ELDERS: Exactly.
You have to have a little
resistance as you're leaving,
or as you're entering
an atmosphere.
We went to Scotland.
We met with a man
named John McPhee.
He was an astronomer,
royal astronomer.
Had done a lot of work on
what he called tachyon energy.
That's what they were using.
And they would take
this little bit of time
to exit an atmosphere.
Bing, they were right into the
new atmosphere, and a little bit
of time to come out.
We worked with
David Froning, who
was developing space planes
at McDonnell Douglas, Alan
Holt of NASA.
All of these
different people could
see how this is a
possibility in our future.
So they absolutely understood.
>>REGINA: They
understood the mechanics
of why it only takes seven
hours for the Pleiadians
to reach Earth, seven hours.
>>ELDERS: But the seven hours
is not from point A to B,
because that's instantaneous.
The seven hours is
leaving and getting back--
>>REGINA: Where the little bits
of resistance you're talking
about come into
play, and then, boom,
it's instantaneous
between those--
>>ELDERS: The time of thought.
>>REGINA: Yeah, the
time of thought,
which is-- what a kind
of fascinating future
we have in store for us here.
So anyway, I wanted
to read that,
just because I found that
fascinating, technologically
fascinating.
And so Billy, a lot
of people say, OK,
if all this is
real, then how come
they haven't landed in masses?
And I get of tired
of this question.
But nonetheless, Billy asked
the same thing of them.
And what did they say?
>>ELDERS: It doesn't
prove a point.
It does not have a purpose.
What are they going to do?
What are they going to say?
They don't want to control us.
I mean, when you really
delve into the discussions,
we had so many with Meier
around his kitchen table,
all-night long discussions
would go on and on.
It doesn't matter, because
it's up to every individual
to change.
>>REGINA: You can see it
there and totally deny it.
It's just a matter of what
you're open to, or not.
>>ELDERS: But it's up to you
to change, to be open to it.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>ELDERS: So that's
the importance of it.
Why not come in and land
on the White House lawn?
Well, unfortunately
at this point in time,
we'd say, oh, it's AI.
>>REGINA: Now you would.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I experienced that
recently and burst into tears.
I was in London and saw
ABBA, their virtual show.
And I remembered hearing about
Project Blue Beam all those
years ago, and Drunvalo telling
me he had seen technology
development of that
nature in the '60s.
And I thought, we can't
tell truth anymore.
So you're right.
Now, it's too late.
Yeah, it's too late to do
anything of that nature.
So now we have to individually
grow up, and start tuning
into what our potential
is and what's not.
>>ELDERS: But the
individuality of us
is our collective consciousness
too, which is so wonderful.
>>REGINA: So when
they spoke, they did--
I want to get a
little bit of this
in, because there are
other people who've
had such reflections
and visions too.
They talked a little
bit about how they live.
And so they have these
longer lifespans.
They talked about their
childhood development lasting
roughly, in our time,
70 years, a long time
to learn relative to--
>>ELDERS: We're babies, yeah.
>>REGINA: Babies, yes.
And that they live in
harmony with the land
in these domed homes.
Can you tell us a
little more about that?
>>ELDERS: Yeah, their
homes are individual.
They do have family units.
They have male female energies.
They eat meat, rabbit.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>ELDERS: They do have pets.
And--
>>REGINA: They
procreate like we do.
>>ELDERS: They do
propagate like we do.
>>REGINA: Which is interesting.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
But again, it's just a
slight vibration that's
different between us and them.
It's not this massive
vibratory frequency change.
It's enough so that they
still have a physical form
and do propagate, not
in an energetic way,
but in a physical way.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Because this is
often misunderstood.
A lot of people who study the
Pleiades and dimensions have
an impression that once you hit
kind of a fifth-dimensional type
of psychic energy, that
suddenly, we're shimmering,
and populations are propagated
through the mind, and so forth,
no.
>>ELDERS: That's very true.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
They still have a physical form.
And that physical
form is still useful.
It's still does pass.
They do have accidents.
It's not like everything
is plotted out
for them from the day they're
born until the day they pass.
>>REGINA: It's like a more
refined, gracious, longer
lifespan, living in harmony
with one another and the planet.
It makes sense.
And that's what
we're aspiring to.
>>ELDERS: Well,
they have something
that I think is much more
important to what they're doing.
And that is they have
the telepathic knowledge
of each other, so they can
get out of their own way.
They don't get into these
pretentious things of,
I am this.
Or I want to be that,
or the influencers,
like you're talking about, yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ELDERS: They already know.
They can look at
someone and know.
>>REGINA: And
we're headed there.
A lot of us are already
able to telepathically,
even at very primitive levels,
communicate with each other.
We know things.
We know when the other one's
thinking of us, for example.
We recognize each other.
So we're on our way.
>>ELDERS: We're moving.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we're moving.
They don't use monetary systems.
It says here, everybody
contributes and does their part.
But they're doing what
they're kind of born to do.
>>ELDERS: It's their lifeblood
that actually propels them
forward.
Some need to go to space.
Some need to be farmers.
Some need to develop
different technologies.
Some need to be educators.
Sort of, like we are
here, but we have
forgotten how to tap into that.
And unfortunately, I think a lot
of the old cultures did that.
The Inca definitely did it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, modern education
has certainly
removed us from any
kind of instinct
about what we were
actually born to do.
So--
>>ELDERS: Now we just want to
raise generic crops of kids.
>>REGINA: Of kids,
yeah, that are
suitable to do generic jobs
that will feed a machine.
And I think we're all on
the same page on that.
And also with them, they say
reincarnation isn't a belief.
We're far beyond that.
It's a reality.
So don't, yeah.
And it says here, "wisdom
is the mark of the existence
of the spirit, and disguises
itself in the qualities
of truth, poise, knowledge,
beauty, harmony, and peace".
These are the noble
truths on Earth
that the philosophers of ancient
times have always spoken of.
And they say the collective of
that is what they call wisdom.
>>ELDERS: Mm-hmm.
And to me, that is one of
the most beautiful quotes
that the Pleiadians
have given Meier.
>>REGINA: I love that quote.
And here's another one.
It says, "wisdom
is also the mark
of a human who has recognized
the existence of his spirit,
and works with it according
to the creational laws.
For wisdom and the spirit are
two factors, which react as one,
much in the same way as the sun
and sunlight both give warmth
and light".
I love that.
So those two go together.
So I just wanted to share--
because your book has
so much beauty in it.
And then one other thing here
that I thought was kind of fun,
they talk about skepticism.
You talk about skepticism in
the book by Morris Bender.
It says, "a skeptic is one
when faced with the handwriting
on the wall, claims
it's a forgery".
>>ELDERS: Exactly.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: We're just
about out of time.
So let's talk about,
again, why it's
so important for you
and I to sit, and relax,
and have this conversation
today after all,
and it still continues, of the--
I don't know, competition and
meanness around this story.
Why do you think
that even exists?
I would think that
people in ufology
would be thrilled to
have actual evidence.
>>ELDERS: I can't
speak for them.
I can only speak to what I
have experienced and been told.
Some of it is jealousy.
Some of it is an
issue of we would not
release metal samples to some
member of an organization.
They did not like that.
They wanted us to give them
the documentation we had.
And when we didn't,
they went on the attack.
>>REGINA: I see.
>>ELDERS: We felt that take it
to a scientist that really knew
what he was doing
was a smart thing
to do, rather than to
give it to a UFO group.
There were only a handful of
groups out there at that time.
>>REGINA: But it
persists to this day.
You still hear this.
Oh, you said there was an
interview you had lined up.
And the person went online,
did a little research online--
>>ELDERS: I had
written an article.
And this woman said, I went
online, found out the Meier case
is a hoax.
I can't use this
article, even though she
had pushed me to write it.
And I said, OK.
Just answer one question.
What analysis was done on
what evidence of the case?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
None.
>>ELDERS: None.
That's the unfortunate thing.
The fortunate thing is it's
coming back out for open minds,
for people that want to
learn, for new generations.
And that's up to them.
Nobody can really stop
it, because you find it
on a level that
connects with you.
>>REGINA: Well, I just
want to say thank you.
Thank you for not only
having taken all those years
to do the research, and for
staying in touch with Billy
as well, but also for
producing this body of work,
where you have it all
laid out before you.
It's kind of undeniable.
And it's beautiful.
It's a beautiful book.
>>ELDERS: Yeah.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you so
much for joining us.
I really appreciate it, Brit.
>>ELDERS: It's been a pleasure.
>>REGINA: This beautifully
illustrated coffee table book
called "UFO, Contact
From the Pleiades",
is available for you to purchase
and share with fence-sitters.
And you can go deeper
into Brit's work
on her website, Britelders.com.
At some point, we're going
to have to acknowledge
the writing on the wall.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on "Open Minds".
[THEME MUSIC]